apps/docs/src/contents/docs/get-started/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Open-source, developer-first UI components powered by Radix UI and Tailwind CSS.
---

Catalix UI is an open-source component library designed to make building modern, accessible, and consistent user interfaces effortless. Powered by [Radix UI](https://www.radix-ui.com/) primitives and styled with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), it combines robust accessibility with the flexibility of a utility-first design system. Inspired by the approach of [Shadcn UI](https://ui.shadcn.com), Catalix UI carries my own twist: a focus on transparency, scalability, and community ownership. Instead of locking developers into opaque, one-size-fits-all components, Catalix UI embraces an open, adaptable structure that encourages customization and contribution. The goal is to provide not just a set of reusable building blocks, but a living foundation that grows with your projects and the community — fast to start with, flexible enough to evolve, and open for everyone to shape.

Commit message:

refactor: :art: improved docs ui

apps/docs/src/contents/docs/get-started/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Open-source, developer-first UI components powered by Radix UI and Tailwind CSS.
---

Catalix UI is an open-source library built to make creating modern, accessible, and consistent interfaces effortless.

We stand on the shoulders of giants — leveraging [Radix UI](https://www.radix-ui.com/) for accessible, low-level primitives and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the flexibility of a utility-first design system. Our styling approach is inspired by [Shadcn UI](https://ui.shadcn.com), but with our own twist.

We believe that developers shouldn’t be locked into rigid, opaque components. Instead, Catalix UI embraces openness, transparency, and adaptability. Every piece is designed to be easy to customize, extend, and contribute to, so your project’s design system can grow alongside your needs.

Our goal is bigger than just offering reusable building blocks: we want to provide a living foundation, shaped and improved by the community. Catalix UI should be fast to start with, flexible enough to evolve, and open for everyone to make their mark.

## Frequently asked questions

- Is it free and open source? **Yes. Catalix is free and open source.**
- Does it have a Figma file? **Yes! We are currently working on it and will release it soon.**
- Is it a component library? **This is NOT a component library. It's a collection of re-usable components that you can copy and paste or use the CLI to add to your apps.**
- What frameworks are supported? **Designed to work with React frameworks in general, but at the moment, only Next.js is fully supported.**
- Can I use it without TypeScript? **No**
- Can I use this in my project? **Yes. Free to use for personal and commercial projects. No attribution required.
  But let us know if you do use it. We'd love to see what you build with it.**
